Continuing from where we left off last time:

Rolf and I got back to his parents’ house from Berlin late that evening. We sat around and watched TV for a while, then we went to bed. Rolf got up the next morning (New Year’s Eve) a lot earlier than I did so he could go get some alcohol with some of the other guys he knew there that also go to the same university as him in Rostock for that evening. I got up around 11:30 or so, had breakfast, then Rolf and I sat around for a while. Eventually we left for Rostock since we had decided to celebrate New Years in Rostock. We picked up the guys that Rolf went to go get alcohol with, then headed up to Rostock. The trip took about an hour.

Once we got to Rostock, we unpacked the car, which was quite full, then we sat around and relaxed for most of the day. About the time it started getting dark, other people started to arrive and the party had officially started. We mostly stood around drinking and talking, but someone had brought a Nintendo Wii that we played bowling on. That was fun, but it got gradually harder and harder as the night went on.

At about 20 till midnight, we all went out and started walking towards to harbor. It was extremely cold, but that didn’t really bother any of us. Someone in our group brought a bunch of fireworks and handed them out to all of us. Here in Germany, the only time that fireworks are legal is New Years, but people had been launching them for a couple of weeks already (since they went on sale). We almost made it to the harbor where a large fireworks display was going to be set off by midnight, but not quite. We were in the middle of the street when it turned midnight and decided to launch our fireworks there (which is, by the way, legal). That night was a scene like I have never seen before. Everyone in the city was out in the streets lighting fireworks and there were fireworks going left and right and all over the place. I have never seen so many fireworks at once before in my life. All of the streets were lit up with them.

After midnight hit, we made it to the harbor and went into a restaurant that was there on the harbor. We sat there for quite a while and had something warm (and for the most part non-alcoholic) there. After we left, we decided to go out to a club. We went to the club that we went to the first night I was there in Rostock, but the entrance fee was 11 euros which was ridiculously expensive, so we decided to go to a different club. The other club was also very expensive, so we just decided to go back to Rolf’s apartment. There the party continued. By then I was quite hungry and ate a lot of potato salad that Rolf’s mom had made for the party earlier that day. I usually hate potato salad, but I was drunk and hungry and there was a lot of potato salad. So I ate it anyway.

The lasted a few more hours, then everyone went to bed (everyone just slept there). The next morning, I got up around 11 because I was extremely thirsty and had already drank all the water I had put next to me when I went to bed. I then went back to bed, but it didn’t last long because Rolf got up soon afterwards and that caused most other people to get up too. Everyone left fairly quickly and the people that remained (Rolf, his roommates and I) had breakfast. Afterwards, we looked up train times for me to go back to Oldenburg. We found one and waiting around for it. Then Rolf drove me to the train station and I left for Oldenburg.

The trip seemed to take forever, but in reality only took 4 hours. Once I was back in Oldenburg, I really didn’t do much until classes started again on the 7th.

That’s it! I’m finally finished with my Christmas story.