So today was unusual. There was no rain. None. Even the Germans were confused by it.

I’ve done nothing all day today because I’ve felt miserable. It doesn’t seem to be any one thing in particular, but rather I just feel bad in general. I’ve been having hot and cold flashes, but mostly I’ve just been really cold; despite my room being quite hot (about 85 degrees according to the thermometer in here). I watched a couple of movies, read my book and slept. That’s about all I’ve done today. Eating has been even somewhat hard. Unfortunately, I had to go to the grocery store because I was out of food, which I had originally planned on doing today (I felt a lot better when I made that particular plan). I’ll have to go again Monday because I made it as fast as possible and only got enough food for today and tomorrow. Grocery stores are closed here on Sundays. In fact, the whole country almost seems to come to a halt on Sundays. Anyway, I got some soup and managed to eat a bowl of soup. That warmed me up for a little while, then I went right back to being cold. I think being tired from having to get up so early for class everyday for the past 2 weeks, the time change and the general stress of moving to a different country have taken their toll on me. Hopefully I feel better tomorrow.

After class yesterday, I came back to my room. A couple of hours later, I met some of the other exchange students and we went to a small local pizza shop called Litfaß that has all-you-can-eat pizzas every Friday for 3 euros (about $4). Some of the other exchange students’ buddies also came. Mine couldn’t because she had other plans already. Nina is actually the buddy of one of the guys from UNC, so she showed up too. After that, I came back and went to a birthday party that was being thrown for me and another student on the floor. That was fun. It took place in the bar here in the basement of the building I live in. After that, I went to a couple of clubs downtown with a German girl who lives on my floor. It was a lot of fun. I wasn’t out very late though because I was so tired. I came back and went to bed.

Tomorrow is my 20th birthday. Hopefully I’ll feel better.