Just a quick update to let everyone know what’s going on now and what I’ve been up to since Christmas. I’m still working on part 4 fo the Christmas saga (I suppose you could call it a saga at this point).

Last night, I went to a party at one of the Australian exchange students’ places. Yesterday was Australia Day in Australia and the Australians threw a party to celebrate it. It was a lot of fun, but riding my bike back was miserable. It’s about a 20 minute ride from where he lives to where I live and it was raining miserably. I was soaked by the time I got back home.

I guess I should explain the pictures that I posted a short while ago too. I went to a club a couple of weeks ago (the 16th) with a bunch of other Americans. The reason we went out on a Wednesday is because the Germans, here in Oldenburg at least, typically go out Wednesday nights for some reason. Not quite sure why, but they do. Either way, we went out and had a lot of fun. I got back fairly late then went to bed because I had class at 8 the next morning. Unfortunately, I couldn’t sleep at all, so I ended up pulling an all-nighter and going to bed after my class at 8. Then I was able to sleep just fine.

Other than that, not much else has been going on. Last Monday, I had a presentation for my German for exchange students class. I had to give a 10 minute presentation on lawn gnomes. That was exciting. I also have to turn in an 8-10 page paper also on lawn gnomes. I finished that yesterday.

The semester is almost over. We have 2 more weeks. This Thursday I have a final exam for my German for exchange students course and at the end of February, I have another final exam for my Language and Culture class. I’m not sure why there’s such a gap between the end of classes and the test. I’m excited for another break, but at the same time I’m not looking forward to it because it’s going to be incredibly boring. We have just over 2 months off in between semesters and I really don’t know what I’m going to do during that time. I guess I’ll figure something out.