It’s hard to believe it’s already December. That means I’ve been here for just over 3 months. The months just seem to be flying by, but at the same time, it seems like I’ve been here in Germany forever. I’m not really complaining, it’s just for whatever reason seems like I’ve been here for a very long time. In reality, 3 months isn’t very long at all though.

After band practice last Friday, I went to a party for the first time in a while. This party was a birthday party for Hester, one of the exchange students from England. It was fun. It took place in the bar at the dormitory where Kayla lives. For the most part, we stood around, listened to music and chatted. We don’t a whole lot of opportunity to do that anymore now that classes have started, so that was pretty fun. You can find some photos of it [here](http://picasaweb.google.com/seifertalex/Parties).

Yesterday I spent watching soccer, then practicing the new song again and today I’ve pretty much spent doing nothing which is a welcome change. Orion slept here last night because he has mold in his room and he couldn’t stay with the person he normally stays with last night. He has already reported the mold to the Studentwerk (the offices at the university that take care of everything dorm-related) and they said they should be able to take care of it sometime this week.

Other than that, not much is going on. It’s only 4:30 in the afternoon right now and it’s already dark. There’s not much daylight here in the winter. I have a little bit of homework I’m going to do today and then I’m going to probably read my book some more.