Well, unfortunately it would appear as though my harddrive in my 12″ Apple Powerbook is on its last leg. The symptoms that always occur such as random clicking coming from the harddrive and the entire system locking up while it’s busy doing that are becoming frequent events. The other major symptom is that occasionally when I boot my computer, no bootable drive can be found and I have to restart again. That normally takes care of the problem, but I don’t know how much longer that will take care of it.

I have backed up all of my data and I’m being very careful as to what else gets put on it. Normally a crashed harddrive would not be a big deal for me if I’m forewarned about it such as in this case because I normally have more than one computer readily available to take this one’s place. The problem, however, is that I am in Germany and will be here until late this summer and this is my only computer.

As I said in my [last post](http://alexseifert.wordpress.com/2008/02/29/frustrations-with-linux/), I am considering moving to Linux anyhow. As such, I’ve been doing research about Linux and as I was looking around, an idea came to mind. I realized that, in the event that my harddrive fails, I could just use a Linux live disk and still be able to access the internet and my e-mail. This would be very limiting as to what I could do with my computer, but it is much better than nothing. I’ve decided on using Fedora 8, as it is one of the only major distros that still support the PowerPC platform. We’ll see how it goes.