Well, I’m finally starting to feel better. I’ve been on the antibiotics now for 3 days and feel a lot better because of them. I still can’t really hear much with my right ear though. I’m assuming it’s still swollen inside because I still feel a lot of pressure in it. I’ve been using the ear drops and will continue to use them, but I haven’t actually noticed any difference at all. I’m getting kind of sick of it actually. At least it doesn’t hurt anymore though; it’s just really annoying.

Last night, I went out to eat with a couple of the other Americans (Orion and Jonathan) and a German girl (Rieke), then we went to a pub to watch a soccer game. It was pretty fun and nice to get out again. I didn’t drink anything other than coke though because I decided I shouldn’t until I’m feeling normal again. Then I went back to Orion’s room to help him string his electric guitar and teach him some things on it since he’s just starting to play.

I decided that since I don’t actually have a whole lot to do here that I would buy a bass guitar. I have one at home and love playing it. I love playing my drums more, but since I can’t really have drums in my room because of obvious reasons, getting a bass guitar seemed like the next best thing. I found a cheap starter kit online for 89 euros ($130). I have a much nicer bass at home, but I decided to get a starter kit here because they’re cheap and I don’t need anything fancy for practicing in my room. Plus it comes with all of the basic things I’ll need: a practice amp, tuner, strap, case, cable, etc. I already ordered it and it should hopefully ship Monday and I should have it by Wednesday I hope.

Tomorrow, I have classes again. If I feel like I’ve felt today, I should actually be able to make it. I really hate to miss anymore classes considering I didn’t really go at all last week. I went to Monday’s classes, then got really sick Monday night. I didn’t start feeling better until Friday (by then I had been on the antibiotics for 24 hours), but I don’t have any classes on Fridays. We’ll see how it goes.