I apologize for not really updating this site much this month. In fact, this is only the second post I’ve made this month. It’s not that I haven’t had time to write here, I just haven’t had anything to write about really because nothing much has been happening.

Friday night, I went to an event sponsored by the university that Kayla helped setup. It was an international culture evening where most of the crowd were foreign students. Several of the students put on various shows where they performed something related to their culture. The first act was 2 guys from Turkey who sang a traditional Arabic song and played a lute (or an instrument that looked like lute anyway). A couple of Africans rapped and later in the evening there was a group of Germans who played African drums and did African tribal dances in circles. The actual Africans were quite amused, but they thought the Germans were pretty good. Kayla also did line dancing to show off the American culture. She did it together with Hester (from England) and Jessica (also from Wyoming). Afterwards they tried to encourage as many people as they could to come up and join them, but since no one knew what they were doing, it was quite funny. I even got up there and tried, but failed miserably.

Last night, I went to the 21st birthday party for Alex (an American girl from Chicago). She lives on the 11th floor of the same building and the party was in the kitchen on her floor. It was pretty fun. About midnight everyone decided to go to the city and go out to a club, but I didn’t go.

Other than that, not much out of the ordinary has been happening. I guess I should say that I also setup AlexSeifert.com again for the first time in a couple of years. I’m now using it for my music. You can see it here: [http://www.alexseifert.com](http://www.alexseifert.com).