I would first like to make it clear that I am writing this journal entry because I’m bored. I don’t really have much to say, so you won’t be missing much if you should decide to skip it.

This week is the last week of classes for this semester. That means I’m a little under half way done with my stay in Germany. I’ve been here for just over 5 months now. I hate to say it, but it seems like I’ve been here for far longer than I actually have been, but at the same time, it seems like the time is flying by. I’m not sure why.

After my last class on Thursday, my semester break will begin. It will be 2 months long and classes will resume in April. As I’m pretty sure I’ve said before (I’m too lazy to look), I have no idea what I’m going to do for 2 months. All of the other exchange students I know are either going home or have family coming out, so here I’m going to be. In March, I will be going to England with Orion, Jonathan and Rieke. I was also kicking around the idea of going to England on my own in late February as well, but I don’t think I’m going to do that so I have more money available for my trip in March.

I suppose since I’m just babbling, I might as well tell you about my bike. To put it lightly, my bike is like an antelope that has been caught by a tiger, feasted upon, then thoroughly digested and released back into the wild to fertilize the soil. Here in Germany, it’s required that all bikes have a headlight and a taillight on after dark. My taillight stopped working almost immediately after I got the bike and my headlight works when it’s dry out (which is almost never) and even then, it only works for about 10 minutes then for some reason stops. The lights are not battery operated, but instead they are powered by a small generator that rubs up against the back tire and spins, thus producing electricity. So batteries are not a problem. My chain has also developed the habit of falling off at random as well as jumping between gears whether I actually shift or not. It’s quite frustrating.

I should forewarn you that you will probably be seeing a lot more posts like this after the break starts and I have absolutely nothing to do.