Well, today was the last day of classes for me this semester. I’m actually quite excited about the break as I have mentioned before.

Last night a large group of us exchange students when out to a lounge/bar called Polyester. We went out with our German tutorial teacher. To briefly describe what the German tutorial was, it was basically a second German course for us exchange students to get more credit. The tutorial wasn’t level-dependent, so all of the exchange students could take it. Anyway, we went with our tutorial teacher who is 21, so she fit right in. Polyester was a very strange 1070s style bar. It was intended to be a ‘trendy 70s’ place with shaggy carpet on the floor (and on parts of the walls), authentic 70s furniture (which caused the place to smell like a great-grandmother’s house would smell like), the music was from the 70s, etc. It was a strange place. We were there for several about 2-3 hours, then we went to a club called Amadeus. I was there until about 3:30 but there were others who stayed longer. I left with another American who lives near me and we walked back together since the buses don’t run at that time. I got to sleep at around 4:30. I then got up at 8:00 for the tutorial which we normally have at 8:30, but the teacher decided to push it off until 9 because of our night of partying.

Tonight I’m going to another party, but there’s no way I’m drinking tonight. It’s a going away party for the exchange students are leaving at the end of the semester. It should be fun. Since I didn’t get a lot of sleep last night, I won’t be staying terribly late.