Well, I’ve been quite busy the past several days. On Monday, I watched soccer again after class and hung out with Dieuwertje some more. On Tuesday, I went on a walk with Amanda, then we came back to Hermann Ehlers Haus. Dieuwertje came over again and we watched soccer again. On Wednesday, Amanda came over again and we went for another walk, then watched more soccer (the Euro 2008 has a lot of games). Yesterday, Dieuwertje came over again, we cooked dinner, hung out for a while, watched soccer and then hung out again.

It turns out she’s really big into Photoshop, music, programming, making websites and just about everything I’m into. We showed each other our websites and our music and what we’ve done in Photoshop. She also wanted to see the program I made for Mac OS X. Then she wanted to translate it into Dutch, so now I have a Dutch translation of it. Today she brought it home because she thought her Dad would like the program (he also has a Mac). Dieuwertje is also going to buy my bass because she can already play piano and guitar (really really well too…) but she wants to learn bass and thought mine would be a good deal. So that means I’ve now arranged for both my bike and my bass to be sold and now don’t have to worry about it anymore.

Today I got up and helped Dieuwertje carry her stuff. She went back home to the Netherlands for the weekend and needed help carrying all of her stuff. I then came home and starting working on my essay for my German literature class. I worked on a new song and played bass a little bit. For dinner I cooked myself bratwurst and mashed potatoes.

Tomorrow I was invited to go to some sort of parade with Katie (an American exchange student). I don’t know if anyone else is coming, but she’s got Mountain Dew straight from the US that she’s willing to share, so I’m definitely going.