*Written: September 1, 2007*

This is really getting to be ridiculous. I don’t know what to do anymore concerning the Internet. The guy is simply not there. He is probably home for the summer and thus I am stuck without Internet and contact for quite some time.

Anyway, today wasn’t very exciting. I slept till 1, then went to the kitchen to get some breakfast. There was a girl eating breakfast with her family there (she was just moving into her room today). I fixed my breakfast and sat down at the table (there is a long table in the dining room next to the kitchen). They struck up conversation with me and we talked for a while. Then I met up with Nina again. We went to go pump up the flat tire on Kayla’s bike, then we went and picked Kayla up (her bike was at the university library which is between my dorm and Kayla’s). We wanted to see if the tire would hold the air, so we came back later to check. It held the air. Then we went downtown again and I finally got a phone. Kayla got a network cable (she now has Internet…….) and hair dryer. That’s all we did downtown.

We went and checked the air in Kayla’s bike tire after we went downtown. Right after that, as we were walking back to Nina’s car, some guy with a large suitcase and backpack stopped us. In German, he asked us if we knew where the office was to pick up dorm room keys. Nina told him where it was, but that it was closed on weekends (today is Saturday). He then explain that he was an American exchange student who had just arrived and needed the key to his room so he would have some place to stay. Nina continued, in German, asking him which state he was from and so on. He’s from Colorado and he goes to UNC. Unfortunately for him, his appearance was somewhat suspicious, so we were very hesitant to help him (he was dressed in all black with chains, long dyed blonde hair and had several piercings). Nina did decide to help him though since both Kayla and I were with her (she said there was absolutely no way she would have done it alone). So we took him to the youth hostel and got him a room for the weekend. He didn’t know about our German class which starts on Monday either. I just think he showed up without and preparation of any sort.

Anyway, tonight Nina, Kayla and I are all meeting up again at the city fair. This time, we’re going to a club. That ought to be fun. We’ll see how it goes though. Tonight is the last night of the fair.

Hopefully tonight is also the last night I don’t have Internet, but at this rate, it might be a while.