This week has been another busy week. Last Saturday, I went to the Christopher Street Parade with Katie. I didn’t realize until after I had already committed to going that it was a gay pride parade. We didn’t stay long and instead went and got something to eat which was a lot more exciting. I also had my first real American Mountain Dew since last August. Katie gave it to me.

On Monday, I went to my classes, then later that night I picked up Dieuwertje from the bus stop and helped her carry her stuff. She came back to Oldenburg from a weekend at home in the Netherlands. We hung out for a while, then I went back home so I could do homework for the next day. On Tuesday, I went to my grammar class (the only class I have on Tuesdays). Turns out I didn’t need to do my homework because we just had out final exam. We got a text about African languages that use clicking sounds and we had to transform parts of the sentences in the text to be more “scientific” as far as the grammar goes. It’s hard to explain without going into details about German grammar. After the class, Dieuwertje came over again and we hung out for the rest of the day.

On Wednesday, I went to my American English class (the only class I have on Wednesdays). Next week we have a final exam in that class that will be a written essay. It will be in English of course, so I really have no worries about it since my English is better than the professor’s. After the class, I watched the Germany soccer game and began getting things together and packed so I know what I need to get rid of and what I can keep and take back with me. Surprisingly most of what I have fits in my suitcases, although I’m kind of concerned about the weight. They have to be under 50 lbs or 23 kg. Unfortunately we don’t have a scale here, so I have no idea how much my suitcases weigh.

Yesterday (Thursday), I went to my 2 classes, then went to Bob’s office to pick up some papers I need to get signed from each of my teacher’s saying that I’ve completed the courses. I then came home and bought Waschmarken (the coins we have to use to do laundry here). Today I’ve just done some much needed laundry and not really anything else. Later at around 7:30, Dieuwertje is coming over again and we’re going to hang out. Tomorrow, I’m going to Groningen for the day which is the city in the Netherlands where Dieuwertje is from. I’m going with Orion and Rieke. Unfortunately, Dieuwertje can’t come along because she has some other things to do here. We’re going by bus which won’t take long at all. It’s only an hour and a half bus ride from Oldenburg to Groningen.

Next week is the last week of our German courses (the German for exchange students courses) and the following week is the last week of the semester. I should be meeting up with Jake in Bremen on July 13th which is the Sunday after the last week of classes.