I really don’t have a whole lot to write about this time. I just figured I’d tell you about last weekend since I never did post anything about it here.

Last Saturday, I met up with a couple of the Americans here to watch soccer at one of the pubs downtown. We’re meeting up again tomorrow to do the same thing. We’ll be meeting at the same pub which is an Irish pub called Fiddler’s Green and it seems that we’ll probably be doing that every Saturday.

Last Sunday, I went with Orion, one of the Americans that I meet up with to watch soccer, and a German friend of his to Hannover to watch an ice-hockey game. The Hannover Scorpions were playing against some team from Bavaria. The game itself was somewhat boring, but the trip down there and back was pretty fun. It takes about 2 hours by train to get there and then it took about 2 hours to get back. The train ride was free for us since we’re all students here which means the total trip cost 14 euros (for the ice-hockey game tickets). After the game was over, we had 2 hours to kill before the next train left for Bremen (where we changed trains to go back to Oldenburg). We decided to get something to eat so we found an American restaurant and ate there. I think that’s the best burger I’ve had since I’ve been here. Then we came back to Oldenburg.

This week not much has happened. I’ve just mainly been going to classes then coming back here. Last night, I hung out with Orion and that’s been about it. Like I said, tomorrow I’m meeting up with the same group of people to go watch soccer at Fiddler’s Green here. I’m looking forward to it.