For those of you who don’t know, yesterday was my birthday. I celebrated my 20th birthday by sitting in my room alone. To say the least, it wasn’t a very good day. That’s what I did for most of the day, but since the weather cooperated yesterday, I did manage to go out and get take some photos of the downtown area here in Oldenburg. I uploaded them [here](http://picasaweb.google.com/seifertalex/Oldenburg).

The best part of the day was when I met the Russian exchange student here for a bit of Russian practice. We met downtown and went to a café where we got a couple of chocolate frappuccinos. Then we spoke in Russian. Between English and German, I was actually really surprised about how much I could understand. I couldn’t respond very well, but I was able to understand quite a bit. After about 3 hours, we went our separate ways. I came back to my room and sat around while I waited for a phone call through the Internet from my mom. When the phone call finally came, the Internet connection I have here didn’t really let us talk. So I decided to go get something to eat and to try to talk with her again later.

For my birthday dinner, I went to McDonald’s and got 3 cheeseburgers, fries and a coke. All of the cheeseburgers were nastier than normal because they had been sitting under a heat lamp for quite some time and the fries were soggy. Yum. Then I came back and did homework until my mom got online again. We managed to talk for about an hour. Then I had to finish up my homework and go to bed.

Today, it has been rainy all day. I guess the weather has decided to make up for not raining over the weekend at all. Tonight I’m going to be meeting up with a bunch of the exchange students and some German students. We’re going to go out to dinner for my birthday. They couldn’t last night because they already had plans. It should be fun.