Well, today has been pretty uneventful. I haven’t gone anywhere or anything. I did meet Orion’s parents though. They’re out here to visit Orion and they flew in yesterday. Today he was showing them the university and Hermann-Ehlers-Haus, so I met them when they were here are Hermann-Ehlers-Haus. I read quite a bit of my book about Kit Carson and I also worked on my computer program, [ScratchPad](http://seifertalex.googlepages.com/), some more and released a new version today with some features that I had some people request. Somebody even voluntarily translated it into French for me (I had already made German and Japanese versions).

For dinner I cooked myself pasta. It’s the fanciest thing I think I’ve ever cooked myself. Unfortunately, it tasted too much like spaghetti to be any good, but I’m proud of myself for actually cooking something other than scrambled hamburger and fried chicken. I was proud enough to take pictures which you can see [here](http://picasaweb.google.com/seifertalex/MyFaciestMeal).

Tomorrow I am going to meet the girl from the Netherlands, Dieuwertje, at a place here in Oldenburg called Stattstrand. It’s a part of a strange phenomenon here in Germany. For some reason, they have decided to have “beaches with in cities.” Basically what they do is import sand from real beaches, then open an outdoor bar with the beach sand. Stattstrand is one of those (in fact the name is a play on the German words: “Stadt” (city) and “Strand” (beach)). It looks like we’re going to meet at around 2 pm and go down there since it’s supposed to be extremely nice tomorrow.