Not a whole lot to write about here. I’ve pretty much just been going to classes, practicing with the band and not really doing anything else all that exciting. Friday night I watched a movie called Road to Perdition. That was pretty good.

On Wednesday night, I ran into Nina and one of her friends, Julia (pronounced ‘Yulia’ because j’s are pronounced like y’s in German) at the university. Julia invited me to go out with her an her roommates on Saturday night (last night) and of course I said yes. So last night I met Julia and her roommate at their WG (like an apartment). We didn’t actually end up going out, but that was fine. I actually think I had more fun not going out than if we had gone out. After eating homemade lasagna and some sort of strange, but very good, dessert, we all sat around and played a game similar to Uno called Solo. Then we played some sort of strange puzzle robot game. I won’t even bother describing it because I wouldn’t even know where to begin. After we finished with the games, we all went into one of Julia’s roommates’ rooms (the one with the biggest room, even though he or she wasn’t there) and watched a very strange German movie called *Boom Bang Boom*. It was a movie that reminded me of *Dude, Where’s My Car?*. It made fun of American mob movies to some extent. After that was over, I decided to go home because everyone was starting to get ready for bed even though it was only 12:30. Either way, I had a lot of fun. I kind of expected Nina to show up, but she never came. I’m assuming she was at her parents’ house or something.

Today I just sat around all day. I’ve played a couple of games, made a new song, read my book and not much else. I also started on a project I have to do for my German for exchange students class. I have to do a 10-15 minute presentation and also write a 8-10 page paper on German lawn gnomes. That’s going to be really exciting.