Well, I’m sick. Me sitting around and doing nothing but feeling miserable is what the past few days have consisted of. I haven’t gone to class and I haven’t even been able to even sleep more than a couple hours at a time before I wake up again. Basically, my ears have been hurting, I’ve been coughing again, my nose is stuffed, my head hurts and my throat hurts. My ears also feel like they’re going to burst. It’s similar to that feeling you get on an airplane when you have to pop your ears. Except my ears won’t pop. Not at all pleasant.

This all started on Monday night quite suddenly. I was doing fine, then I suddenly woke up and was feeling like crap in the middle of the night. I called Nina on Tuesday and asked her if she could drive me to the doctor’s since the only way of getting to the doctor’s would have been by bike or walking and I don’t want to be in the cold for that long while I’m this sick. She said she would and she also volunteered to call for me. She called Wednesday, but they couldn’t get me in because doctor’s offices are closed on Wednesday afternoons here in Germany. They were able to get me in this morning though.

So at 9:30 this morning, Nina came by and picked me up. We got to the doctor’s office and, after signing in, waited for almost 2 hours before the doctor finally came. Nina had to go before that though because she had another doctor’s appointment to go to. When I finally saw the doctor, I told her what was wrong. She looked in my ears and my mouth. As she looked at each place, she said “That’s not good.” in each occasion. That’s a little concerning especially coming from a German doctor since German doctors are notorious for down playing a lot of things.

Apparently I have a sinus infection, my right inner ear is swollen and there’s an ear wax plug in my left ear and possibly swelling beyond that. The doctor gave me a prescription for some antibiotics and some heavy duty ear drops. Hopefully I’ll get better soon because this is absolutely miserable. I also had to make another appointment for next week so they can remove the ear wax plug with warm water.

What fun times.