\[digg=http://www.digg.com/political\_opinion/Hillary\_Clinton\_Booed\]I will start off by saying that I very strongly dislike Hillary Clinton. I didn’t like Bill Clinton when he was in office and I think his wife is even worse than he was. Not only do I disagree with a large amount of her policies, but it seems to me that she is unable to stick to a single position about an issue. How long did it take before she finally said something about her stance on the immigrant driver’s license issue in New York? And the scary part is is that we still don’t really know what her stance is. Of course that is just one example.

Today in Iowa, Clinton was booed by the audience at an event that she was due to participate in with her fellow Democratic running mates. According to [CNN](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2007/12/02/clinton-booed-at-iowa-forum/),

> “An audience of progressive activists booed Senator Hillary Clinton today…Clinton was asked whether ‘giv(ing) undocumented immigrants a path to citizenship” would be a priority in her first hundred days as President. Clinton told the audience “comprehensive immigration reform will be a high priority for me.’ That response elicited boos – and no applause. Asked again whether she’d take up the issue in her first hundred days she said, ‘Well you’ve got to get the Congress to pass the legislation in order for the President to do as much as possible, which I will do.’ That was met by still more loud boos.”

Yet another very vague non-commital statement from Clinton. Saying that “immigration reform will be a high priority for me” does not even answer the question, much less tell us what her stance on the issue is. No wonder they booed. Giving unclear answers and avoiding tough situations is what Clinton has done since the beginning of her campaign. That to me is quite scary. Because of the current mess that the United States finds itself in, the next president is going to be put in a very tough position from the moment they take oath. I would really hate to have an undecided president who avoids tough positions in office. That to me just seems like a horrible idea.