I went to a Christmas party last night at Nina’s apartment. It was fun. At the party, we all had a traditional German Christmas drink called Glühwein (pronounced glue-vine) which is basically hot red wine with other spices in it that makes it very sweet. It tastes similar to hot cider I think. To be honest, I don’t really care for it. Before the party, everyone had to get a 5 euro gift to bring for a game that we played. After trying to decide what to get for only 5 euros, I decided to get 5 euros worth of chocolate while I was at the grocery store.

The game we played with the gifts consisted of rolling dice for about a half an hour and trading gifts during that time. To begin with, all of the gifts were put into a pile and we began rolling in turns. It’s played with one di and when you roll a 6, you get to go grab a gift from the pile. Once everyone has a gift, you continue rolling in turns for about a half an hour. Whenever you get a 6, you have to trade the gift you have with someone else, but you get to choose with whom. I ended up with a gift that was a clear plastic cube for putting photos in and a rubber flask with a wool cover meant for keeping Glühwein in and keeping it warm. After that game, we played a drinking game with 2 dice for pretty much the rest of the time.

Today, I didn’t really do much. I worked on homework and went to the grocery store. I also reorganized the photos I have posted from my time here. The categories have been left alone, but the photos in each category are now sorted from oldest to newest. That means when I add new photos, they will always be at the bottom of the page. I figured that would make it easier to find them.

[Nick](http://rnp.myminicity.com/) also pointed this game out to me: [http://eiskalt.myminicity.com](http://eiskalt.myminicity.com) which, for how simple it is, has become kind of addicting.